[Music]
I know you're home apparently I hope you
don't mind I called the BlackBerry
abatement specialist the blackberry
vines are coming under the wall it's in
my raised vegetable beds my worm bins
it's Tom
Bernadette Fox no cart Bernadette Fox
was simply the most exciting thing in
the world of architecture 20 years ago
I think what happened to my mom is that
she got so focused on her family she
forgot about herself
honey are you getting enough sleep sleep
what's up yeah so from what you're
saying she ran over a mother at school
for a dad incoming what do we do men she
created an environment which destroyed a
neighbor's home
[Music]
your side just went into my home my
Japanese maples the birdbath is
practically in my living room people
like you must create if you don't you
become a menace to society unexpected
has come up just thinking about it's got
my heart race
I have concocted a plan burn again
[Music]
you'll never guess what happened she
disappeared Bernadette jumped out a
window
there's one answer to all of your
problems get your ass back to work
[Music]
a huge project has come up it will
require me to go to Antarctica it's
twice the challenge anyone ever imagines
with long stretches without sleep and
exercise sounds like I've been in
training for this for the last 20 years
I have this longshot to launch my second
act
so step aside because I am about to kick
the hell out of like world domination
ain't pretty
[Music]